FAQ extensions (#76)
ugent/Studieplekken: frontend/src/assets/md/user-manuals/man-management.en.md

# User guide - manager

> Here you will find all the information about the administrator functionalities of the Study Rooms application. There are two main sections, management and scan. When you click on your name at the top right as an administrator, you will get a drop-down where 'Management'/'Management' and 'scan' are listed. The creation and general management of buildings, locations, tags,... will be found there. In scan, you will find functionalities for recording presences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here you will find all the information about the manager functionalities of the Study Rooms application. There are two main sections, management and scan. When you click on your name at the top right as a manager, you will get a drop-down where 'Beheer'/'Management' and 'scan' are listed. The creation and general management of buildings, locations, tags,... will be found there. In scan, you will find functionalities for recording presences.
```

# Management

In the left-hand column is the main menu with different topics on which you can get more information.

## Building

You can manage a building in the 'building' section. This page lists all the buildings under your management. Each building has its address and the educational establishment to which it belongs. To view more details, click on 'edit'.

To create a new location, go all the way down the list of buildings and click the "New building" button. Here you will need to enter a name, address and setting. 

> As administrator, it is not possible to delete buildings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a manager, it is not possible to delete buildings.
```

## Study location

<br/>

### Initial creation/removal

> A study place is in the location section. These are rooms or parts of a building that students can reserve. On this page you will see a name, the authority/manager group that manages this location and "places" is the capacity the location has.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A study place is in the location section. These are rooms or parts of a building that students can reserve. On this page you will see a name, the authority/manager group that manages this location, and "places" is the capacity the location has.
```

To get more detailed information press "edit" (hamburger menu).

Again, at the bottom of the list of locations, there is a button to add locations.

! Please note, if the add button does not activate it could be because you have not filled in all the required fields. Check that you have entered a valid value in all parts of the form; be sure to scroll down as well.

<br/>

### Site management

If you click edit, you can make edits to the location. On this page, you can start editing a number of things:

> Press the "Adjust" button to adjust the basic details of a location (seats, location name,...). When finalising the last edits, press the "OK" button to save the changes and "Cancel" to undo adjustments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Press the "Edit" button to edit the basic details of a location (seats, location name,...). When finalising the last edits, press the "Okay" button to save the changes and "Cancel" to undo adjustments.
```

All repeating time slots within a week can be approved at once by clicking the "Approve all suggestions" button.

When modifying a time slot, it is recommended to delete the original one and just create a new one. This avoids dubious situations where students have already booked reservations.

PS: Unable to create a reservation slot? Be sure to check that you have filled in all the fields meticulously. In some browsers, the default values are not sufficient.

## Manage supervisors/volunteers

Supervisors are volunteers or staff who will record attendance without additional rights. You can add new users to a location by navigating to management > supervisors. Then click on the desired location to add or remove users.

For more information on recording attendance go to the volunteer page.

## Penalty points

As a location manager, you can also choose to join the penalty point system. Under this system, students are awarded penalty points if they make too many reservations without using them. If they have too many penalty points, they can no longer make reservations for a certain period of time. In this way, we aim to improve occupancy of study places.

> Administrators have the possibility to view the penalty points of people who made reservations, and add to them if necessary. This can be done by going to the administrator page, selecting a time slot there and clicking on it as usual to get the reservation list. You can see there that an additional button has now been added that you can click to view that person's penalty points. This button also allows you to add manual penalty points.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Managers have the possibility to view the penalty points of people who made reservations, and add to them if necessary. This can be done by going to the management page, selecting a time slot there and clicking on it as usual to get the reservation list. You can see there that an additional button has now been added that you can click to view that person's penalty points. This button also allows you to add manual penalty points.
```
